CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program? Statement of Account Generator

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve? Since I currently run a real estate office, this program will help me generate a statement of account faster by developing a program to read a csv file and print it in pdf form.

3. What will you learn from developing this program? Developing this program will provide valuable learnings into how a python code can streamline workload for users. By creating a script that reads data from a CSV file and generates a PDF statement of account, I can learn how to automate
                                                        tasks in the office, ultimately making operations faster and more efficient. This project will help me apply recently acquired knowledge in python to real-world scenarios, enhancing my skills in data processing and report generation.

4. What Python modules will your program use? From my research, I would need csv, pytest, reportlab.lib.pagesizes, and reportlab.pdfgen.canvas.

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need? The names of the functions that I will need is generate_statement_of_account and it will take the parameters of client_name, payment_data_file, output_pdf, row_number, column_number. 

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.
I will write a test function test_generate_statement_of_account to see if the function successfully generates a pdf file when provided with
valid input parameters. It ensures that the pdf file is created as expected and will verify the correctness of the function's behavior.
